you know when they told me this chair
was revolutionary I really thought it
would spin better than that Jokes Aside
though guys I am so sore from the
weekend I need this chair more than
anything right now they claim it's the
perfect lounge chair which sounds like
heaven right now the problem with Heaven
is that before you can get there you
have to go through life and my life
right now is building this
chair which looks like it involves a lot
of steps inside this box that I'm
painstakingly unpacking is the baitman
lab's Envy armchair they say it is
crafted by Master Woodworkers with
cushions that were designed by Gamers
and programmers for all day comfort and
wrapped in Fabrics that will look great
in any room really with our teal wall
that's going to be a challenge
especially for this shade of green but
we'll see how it goes but there's more
they also sent over an ottoman and side
table and an R desk that apparently
turns this chip into a full-blown battle
station that will make you not want a
desk
anymore I really hope I une some
instructions at some point this is
starting to look a little overwhelming
ooh that is one swanking headrest good
God that's a headrest what am I a
two-headed ogre
oo still not sure where the whole it
replaces my desk thing comes in but
maybe that'll be more apparent once once
I figure out this pile I think I figured
out what this cushion is for I think
this is the butt
cushion they weren't kidding about
crafted for programmers even my generous
Caboose takes up like 2/3 of this feel
like a kid sitting in my Dad's chair how
is this a computer chair this is it's
literally an armchair Belle this is
$2,500 I really want to win it at the
Christmas party
$2,725 I don't know if that includes the
ottoman to be clear I'm not saying it's
overpriced this kind of material this
kind of expert craftsmanship it costs
money I'm just saying that it's a lot of
it just so I know how much of our short
circuit product selection is dictated by
what you'd like to win at the Christmas
party not that much those AI glasses
though that was a real I want that
choice how can one chair be in so very
many pieces that's a strapping young
seat if I've ever seen one oh yeah
self-explanatory oh that's cool they
pre-assemble it once to make sure that
it works you can see marks on it from
where they assembled it that's important
in woodworking love to see that this is
a test for their foam oo it is
comfortable I'm also almost out of
screws I only got two screws left stubby
screwdriver LTT store.com this is a
perfect use case for it they put the
year on here made in Canada like me put
the more firm cushion on the seat and
the softer cushion on the bat there's
like six cushions boom just like that o
craftsmanship but I'm kind of afraid to
sit down while I have this many pieces
hanging over me also while I haven't
told you about our sponsor thanks to
Corsair for sponsoring this video if you
spend just as much time looking at your
beautiful rig as you do using it
corsair's 3500x midtower case might be
right off your alley it's got dual
tempered glass panels with a wraparound
design so you can see all the lovely
components you jam-pack in there like
360 mm radiators those big beefy
Graphics cars and even 10 120 mm fans it
even supports back to front style
motherboard so you see fewer cables and
more RG freaking B baby so now the next
time your squad wipes you have an excuse
you too busy distracted by your
beautiful build check out the corsera
3500x at the link in the video
description where's the pocket what does
the the instructions say there's a
there's a pocket for the Allen wrench in
case you ever want to make adjustments
oh
sick here in my wood pocket boom okay no
no hold on I'm going to build the other
thing I'm not going to settle into it
yet I want to know what the heck's going
on with all this other stuff oh I got
the headrest actually I got two
different versions of the headrest
normal Deluxe I'm going with the normal
one boom Oh and you don't even have to
put it there if you don't want to boom
head rest over there there there doesn't
seem to be anything in the instructions
about the headrest but we're going to go
with that it's this I feel solid
considering it's just
like just like a press fit in there Envy
armchair done and I only have two extra
screws oh wait no I found it I found it
I found this it's this guy oh no oh no
no I can't put it in now you skipped a
step
no here comes the Ottoman
Empire okay
I may have allowed my expectations to
spiral out of control you do need a nice
firm foam here so it doesn't feel like
you're just sitting on the wood that's
underneath you um and they really nailed
that as long as you like sitting in
exactly this posture than like they
nailed it but there's not really any
adjustments right um this is cool though
we haven't really talked about the
modular interface at all so check this
out see these holes here along the sides
of the the armrests the back and
actually also here on the ottoman
they're for accessories so I've actually
got one of them here this is a desk
accessory and I got to say this is one
of the cleverer implementations of this
concept that I have seen look at that
solid need to get
up you can actually get out of the chair
without like extracting yourself from it
yeah this is pretty cool and they've got
all kinds of little accessories that can
go into the interface as well like cup
holder accessory
ahh what else we got in here I don't
even know what half of this stuff is
this looks like a headphone hanger
though ah the sky is pretty much the
limit here's a riser that allows you to
mount the accessories up higher if you
happen to be taller laptop holder and if
you reach out to them they will give you
the design drawings so that you can 3D
print your own accessories for it pretty
darn cool oh that's the controller caddy
oh all right yeah that makes way more
sense okay what's this one microphone
mount oh
buddy so it goes right there oh like you
just put it on there like that to your
arm wait it would work the other way it
would work equally well the other way
Belle boom armrest yeah I might have too
many accessories mounted to it I don't
need armrest anyway screw it I'm real
man which is why I don't settle for
laptops I want a desktop and that is
where this accessory comes in uh how
does this work oh no
way boom don't mind me just getting some
work done cuz I got to go to work work
work work work work work wow do we have
a lot of height adjust on that bad
boy oh yeah oh yeah bud okay let's get
this let's get this puppy in here things
are getting a little more extracte when
it's time for me to go get my cable I
need
to nice dude I'm going to get so much
work done now hey look at that it's
Riley week on Flo plane we ask Riley
your burning questions what is that for
we still haven't figured that out all
right so it's a side table for putting
your Tower PC in and there's more
accessory ports and it's a side table so
I could put my knife and my screwdriver
having been sitting in here since I sat
down down I'm not experiencing any
fatigue I'm not experiencing any
pressure points I would say that it is a
quality chair as for whether this is the
kind of setup that you'd like to have
for the price well you can only answer
that if you go to the baitman lab's
website and have a look at the
pricing I'll let you guys be the judge
what I won't let you be the judge of is
whether you should subscribe to Short
Circuit the answer is yes do it